docs: redesign docs structure to improve navigation (#897)
deislabs/ratify: docs/README.md

# Ratify Documentation

Within this directory you will find documentation for Ratify.  The documentation is broken down into the following sections:

## Quickstarts 

## End-to-end scenarios

- [ratify-on-aws](quickstarts/ratify-on-aws.md) - How to use ratify on AWS
- [ratify-verify-azure-cmd](quickstarts/ratify-on-azure.md) - Use notation, oras, and ratify to build and sign a container image and SBOM and verify it with the ratify cli.
- [working-with-spdx](quickstarts/working-with-spdx.md) - Use ratify with syft, oras, and verification using ratify cli.

### Plugin development:

- [creating-plugins](quickstarts/creating-plugins.md) - Details on creating your own plugins for use with ratify.

### Policy Management:

- [gatekeeper-policy-authoring](quickstarts/gatekeeper-policy-authoring.md) - Authoring gatekeeper policies for use with ratify, including rego references/examples.

### SPDX Integration:

> - [working-with-spdx](quickstarts/working-with-spdx.md) - Use ratify with syft, oras, and verification using ratify cli.

Reviewer: The title "working with spdx" , and description is the same as the link in "working with spdx" with in the end-to-end scenario, should we update the description to indicate how they are different?

Author: That's an oversight on my end I'll remove the ### SPDX integration section and leave the link in the End-to-end. :)

### Contributing:
- [Developer Getting Started](../CONTRIBUTING.md) - Getting started with ratify development.

## Reference 

Documentation for understanding ratify and its components:

Framework and configuration:
- [Framework](reference/ratify-framework-overview.md) - The ratify framework is the core of ratify.  It is responsible for orchestrating the execution of the various plugins and providing a common interface for them to interact with each other.
- [Configuration](reference/ratify-configuration.md) - Ratify's configuration consist of:
  - [store](reference/store.md) - Ratify's store is responsible for storing and retrieving artifacts.
  - [verifier](reference/verifier.md) - Ratify's verifier is responsible for verifying the integrity of artifacts.

>   - [provider](reference/providers.md) - Ratify's policy provider is responsible for providing policies to the framework.  Policies are used to determine if an artifact is valid or not.  Policies are written in [rego](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [provider](reference/providers.md) - Ratify's policy provider is used by the framework to make a final decision on if an artifact is valid or not. Policies are defined via [configuration](reference/providers.md#policy-providers).
```

Reviewer 2: The built in policy evaluation for Ratify is only config based for now. @binbin-li is working on lighting up Rego Support. Currently, GK is the component doing the policy evaluation and not Ratify. Ratify only provides a list of verification reports which are then processed by GK and rego is applied on top of those reports.

Reviewer 3: @akashsinghal I feel the current implementation is a bit confusing to users. We have 2 actual policies right now, the rego policy on GK side, and config policy on Ratify side. Ratify's PolicyEnforcer will evaluate result first and return reports and overall result(IsSuccess) to GK. Then GK will make another evaluation on the reports and result based on the rego policy defined in the constraint policy.
